add document for HTMLTextAreaElement.type (#32023)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmltextareaelement/type/index.md

---
title: "HTMLTextAreaElement: type property"
short-title: type
slug: Web/API/HTMLTextAreaElement/type
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLTextAreaElement.type
---

{{ApiRef("HTML DOM")}}

> The read-only **`type`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLTextAreaElement")}} represents a string `textarea` of the {{HTMLElement("textarea")}} element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The read-only **`type`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLTextAreaElement")}} always returns `textarea`.
```

> 

Reviewer: We still want the _Value_ section
```suggestion

## Value

A string whose value is always `textarea`.
```
